NODELIST   NODES   PARTITION STATE
pm-nod009      1 production* mixed
pm-nod010      1 production* mixed
pm-nod011      1 kernel-test down*
pm-nod024      1     skylake idle
pm-nod025      1     skylake idle
pm-nod026      1     skylake idle
pm-nod052      1 production* idle
pm-nod053      1 production* idle
pm-nod054      1 production* down*
pm-nod055      1 production* idle
pm-nod056      1 production* idle
pm-nod057      1 production* idle
pm-nod058      1 production* idle
pm-nod059      1 production* idle
pm-nod099      1 production* idle
pm-nod100      1 production* idle
pm-nod101      1 production* idle
pm-nod105      1 production* idle
pm-nod106      1         ras down*
pm-nod107      1         ras down*
pm-nod145      1 production* idle
pm-nod146      1     python3 idle
pm-nod147      1 production* down*
pm-nod150      1 production* idle
pm-nod151      1     parking idle
 
